For search engines to work, computer programs (or robots) regularly fetch data called crawling from billions of pages on the web.
Testers can use search engines to perform reconnaissance on websites and web applications. 
Test Objectives
Identify what sensitive design and configuration information of the application, system, or organization is exposed directly (on the organization's website) or indirectly (via third-party services).
How to Test
Use a search engine to search for potentially sensitive information. This may include:

network diagrams and configurations;
archived posts and emails by administrators or other key staff;
logon procedures and username formats;
usernames, passwords, and private keys;
third-party, or cloud service configuration files;
revealing error message content; and
development, test, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), and staging versions of sites.
Search Engines
Do not limit testing to just one search engine provider, as different search engines may generate different results. Search engine results can vary in a few ways, depending on when the engine last crawled content, and the algorithm the engine uses to determine relevant pages. Consider using the following (alphabetically-listed) search engines:

Baidu, China's most popular search engine.
Bing, a search engine owned and operated by Microsoft, and the second most popular worldwide. Supports advanced search keywords.
binsearch.info, a search engine for binary Usenet newsgroups.
Common Crawl, "an open repository of web crawl data that can be accessed and analyzed by anyone."
DuckDuckGo, a privacy-focused search engine that compiles results from many different sources. Supports search syntax.
Google, which offers the world's most popular search engine, and uses a ranking system to attempt to return the most relevant results. Supports search operators.
Internet Archive Wayback Machine, "building a digital library of Internet sites and other cultural artifacts in digital form."
Startpage, a search engine that uses Google's results without collecting personal information through trackers and logs. Supports search operators.
Shodan, a service for searching Internet-connected devices and services. Usage options include a limited free plan as well as paid subscription plans.
Both DuckDuckGo and Startpage offer some increased privacy to users by not utilizing trackers or keeping logs. This can provide reduced information leakage about the tester.

Search Operators
A search operator is a special keyword or syntax that extends the capabilities of regular search queries, and can help obtain more specific results. They generally take the form of operator:query. Here are some commonly supported search operators:

site: will limit the search to the provided domain.
inurl: will only return results that include the keyword in the URL.
intitle: will only return results that have the keyword in the page title.
intext: or inbody: will only search for the keyword in the body of pages.
filetype: will match only a specific filetype, i.e. png, or php.
